com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/BugleRecipientEntry.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.BugleRecipientEntry
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/GetOrCreateConversationAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.GetOrCreateConversationAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.GetOrCreateConversationAction$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.GetOrCreateConversationAction$GetOrCreateConversationActionListener
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.GetOrCreateConversationAction$GetOrCreateConversationActionMonitor
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/pdu/CharacterSets.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.CharacterSets
com/android/messaging/md3/widget/BaseWidgetProvider.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.widget.BaseWidgetProvider
com/android/messaging/md3/widget/WidgetConversationService.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.widget.WidgetConversationService
 com.android.messaging.md3.widget.WidgetConversationService$WidgetConversationFactory
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/UpdateConversationArchiveStatusAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.UpdateConversationArchiveStatusAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.UpdateConversationArchiveStatusAction$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversationlist/ShareIntentActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ShareIntentActivity
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/BugleDatabaseOperations.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.BugleDatabaseOperations
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/AvatarGroupRequestDescriptor.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.AvatarGroupRequestDescriptor
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/ImageResource.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.ImageResource
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/MultiAttachmentLayout.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.MultiAttachmentLayout
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.MultiAttachmentLayout$Layout
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.MultiAttachmentLayout$OnAttachmentClickListener
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.MultiAttachmentLayout$Tile
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.MultiAttachmentLayout$ViewWrapper
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/ImageRequest.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.ImageRequest
androidx/appcompat/mms/pdu/SendConf.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.pdu.SendConf
com/android/messaging/md3/sms/SmsException.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.SmsException
com/android/messaging/md3/util/exif/ExifInvalidFormatException.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInvalidFormatException
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/BugleActionToasts.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.BugleActionToasts
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.BugleActionToasts$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.BugleActionToasts$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.BugleActionToasts$UpdateDestinationBlockedActionToast
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/DumpDatabaseAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.DumpDatabaseAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.DumpDatabaseAction$1
com/android/messaging/md3/util/Assert.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.Assert
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.Assert$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.Assert$DoesNotRunOnMainThread
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.Assert$RunsOnAnyThread
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.Assert$RunsOnMainThread
androidx/appcompat/mms/MmsManager.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.MmsManager
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/ActionMonitor.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ActionMonitor
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ActionMonitor$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ActionMonitor$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ActionMonitor$ActionCompletedListener
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ActionMonitor$ActionExecutedListener
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ActionMonitor$ActionStateChangedListener
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversation/ConversationMessageView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationMessageView
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationMessageView$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationMessageView$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationMessageView$3
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationMessageView$4
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationMessageView$5
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationMessageView$6
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationMessageView$7
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationMessageView$8
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationMessageView$9
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationMessageView$AttachmentViewBinder
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationMessageView$ConversationMessageViewHost
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationMessageView$IgnoreLinkLongClickHelper
com/android/messaging/md3/sms/MmsSender.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.MmsSender
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/DataModel.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.DataModel
com/android/messaging/md3/util/TintDrawableWrapper.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.TintDrawableWrapper
com/android/messaging/md3/util/BuglePrefsImpl.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.BuglePrefsImpl
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/ProcessDeliveryReportAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ProcessDeliveryReportAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ProcessDeliveryReportAction$1
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/pdu/PduComposer.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.PduComposer
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.PduComposer$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.PduComposer$BufferStack
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.PduComposer$LengthRecordNode
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.PduComposer$PositionMarker
com/android/messaging/md3/util/BugleApplicationPrefs.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.BugleApplicationPrefs
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/CustomVCardEntry.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.CustomVCardEntry
com/android/messaging/md3/util/BugleWidgetPrefs.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.BugleWidgetPrefs
androidx/appcompat/mms/pdu/EncodedStringValue.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.pdu.EncodedStringValue
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/RemoteInputEntrypointActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.RemoteInputEntrypointActivity
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/NoConfirmationSmsSendService.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.NoConfirmationSmsSendService
androidx/appcompat/mms/pdu/PduPart.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.pdu.PduPart
androidx/appcompat/mms/DefaultCarrierConfigValuesLoader.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.DefaultCarrierConfigValuesLoader
 androidx.appcompat.mms.DefaultCarrierConfigValuesLoader$1
com/android/messaging/md3/FactoryImpl.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.FactoryImpl
 com.android.messaging.md3.FactoryImpl$1
androidx/appcompat/mms/ApnSettingsLoader.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.ApnSettingsLoader
 androidx.appcompat.mms.ApnSettingsLoader$Apn
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/pdu/SendConf.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.SendConf
androidx/appcompat/mms/pdu/ContentType.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.pdu.ContentType
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/photoviewer/BuglePhotoViewController.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.photoviewer.BuglePhotoViewController
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/BlockedParticipantsActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.BlockedParticipantsActivity
com/android/messaging/md3/widget/BaseWidgetFactory.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.widget.BaseWidgetFactory
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/binding/BindableData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.binding.BindableData
androidx/appcompat/mms/ApnException.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.ApnException
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/appsettings/PerSubscriptionSettingsActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.PerSubscriptionSettingsActivity
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.PerSubscriptionSettingsActivity$PerSubscriptionSettingsFragment
androidx/appcompat/mms/MmsNetworkManager.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.MmsNetworkManager
 androidx.appcompat.mms.MmsNetworkManager$1
 androidx.appcompat.mms.MmsNetworkManager$2
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/appsettings/CaptchaKeywordsSettingsActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.CaptchaKeywordsSettingsActivity
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.CaptchaKeywordsSettingsActivity$CaptchaKeywordsSettingsFragment
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.CaptchaKeywordsSettingsActivity$CaptchaKeywordsSettingsFragment$KeywordsRVAdapter
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.CaptchaKeywordsSettingsActivity$CaptchaKeywordsSettingsFragment$KeywordsRVAdapter$KeywordsVH
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/VideoThumbnailRequest.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.VideoThumbnailRequest
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/GifImageResource.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.GifImageResource
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversation/SimSelectorView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.SimSelectorView
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.SimSelectorView$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.SimSelectorView$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.SimSelectorView$SimSelectorAdapter
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.SimSelectorView$SimSelectorViewListener
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/SettingsData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.SettingsData
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.SettingsData$SettingsDataListener
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.SettingsData$SettingsItem
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/SyncMessagesAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.SyncMessagesAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.SyncMessagesAction$1
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/RefCountedMediaResource.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.RefCountedMediaResource
com/android/messaging/md3/util/VersionUtil.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.VersionUtil
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/FixupMessageStatusOnStartupAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.FixupMessageStatusOnStartupAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.FixupMessageStatusOnStartupAction$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/contact/FrequentContactsListViewHolder.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.FrequentContactsListViewHolder
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/BugleAnimationTags.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.BugleAnimationTags
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/MediaRequestDescriptor.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.MediaRequestDescriptor
androidx/appcompat/mms/pdu/MultimediaMessagePdu.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.pdu.MultimediaMessagePdu
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/BitmapPool.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.BitmapPool
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.BitmapPool$SingleSizePool
com/android/messaging/md3/util/exif/ExifModifier.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifModifier
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifModifier$TagOffset
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/SubscriptionListData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.SubscriptionListData
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.SubscriptionListData$SubscriptionListEntry
com/android/messaging/md3/util/exif/ExifParser.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifParser
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifParser$ExifTagEvent
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifParser$IfdEvent
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifParser$ImageEvent
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/CustomHeaderViewPager.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.CustomHeaderViewPager
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.CustomHeaderViewPager$1
com/android/messaging/md3/sms/MmsUtils.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.MmsUtils
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.MmsUtils$AttachmentInfo
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.MmsUtils$MmsInfo
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.MmsUtils$SendReqResp
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.MmsUtils$StatusPlusUri
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/PagerViewHolder.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.PagerViewHolder
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/VideoThumbnailRequestDescriptor.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.VideoThumbnailRequestDescriptor
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/contact/ContactSectionIndexer.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactSectionIndexer
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/BoundCursorLoader.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.BoundCursorLoader
androidx/appcompat/mms/CarrierConfigValuesLoader.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.CarrierConfigValuesLoader
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/pdu/ReadOrigInd.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.ReadOrigInd
com/android/messaging/md3/util/Trace.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.Trace
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.Trace$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.Trace$AbstractTrace
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.Trace$TraceJBMR2
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.Trace$TraceShim
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/appsettings/ApplicationSettingsActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.ApplicationSettingsActivity
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.ApplicationSettingsActivity$ApplicationSettingsFragment
com/android/messaging/md3/receiver/BootAndPackageReplacedReceiver.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.receiver.BootAndPackageReplacedReceiver
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/HardwareCameraPreview.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.HardwareCameraPreview
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.HardwareCameraPreview$1
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/ActionServiceImpl.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ActionServiceImpl
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ActionServiceImpl$PendingActionReceiver
androidx/appcompat/mms/pdu/MmsException.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.pdu.MmsException
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/SoftwareCameraPreview.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.SoftwareCameraPreview
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.SoftwareCameraPreview$1
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/LaunchConversationData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.LaunchConversationData
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.LaunchConversationData$LaunchConversationDataListener
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/DocumentImagePicker.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.DocumentImagePicker
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.DocumentImagePicker$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.DocumentImagePicker$SelectionListener
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/VCardResource.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.VCardResource
com/android/messaging/md3/receiver/AbortSmsReceiver.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.receiver.AbortSmsReceiver
com/android/messaging/md3/util/NotificationPlayer.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.NotificationPlayer
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.NotificationPlayer$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.NotificationPlayer$CmdThread
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.NotificationPlayer$Command
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.NotificationPlayer$CreationAndCompletionThread
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/DataModelException.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.DataModelException
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/ViewPagerTabs.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.ViewPagerTabs
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.ViewPagerTabs$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.ViewPagerTabs$OnTabLongClickListener
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/SelfParticipantsData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.SelfParticipantsData
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.SelfParticipantsData$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/debug/DebugMmsConfigFragment.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.debug.DebugMmsConfigFragment
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.debug.DebugMmsConfigFragment$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.debug.DebugMmsConfigFragment$MmsConfigAdapter
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/AudioPlaybackProgressBar.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.AudioPlaybackProgressBar
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.AudioPlaybackProgressBar$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/appsettings/GroupMmsSettingDialog.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.GroupMmsSettingDialog
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.GroupMmsSettingDialog$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.GroupMmsSettingDialog$2
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/ConversationMessageData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ConversationMessageData
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ConversationMessageData$ConversationMessageViewColumns
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/PlaceholderInsetDrawable.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.PlaceholderInsetDrawable
com/android/messaging/md3/util/exif/ExifData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifData
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/ContactListItemData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ContactListItemData
com/android/messaging/md3/util/FallbackStrategies.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.FallbackStrategies
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.FallbackStrategies$Strategy
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/contact/ContactRecipientPhotoManager.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactRecipientPhotoManager
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactRecipientPhotoManager$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactRecipientPhotoManager$1$1
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/MediaRequest.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.MediaRequest
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/ProcessSentMessageAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ProcessSentMessageAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ProcessSentMessageAction$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversationlist/ConversationListActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ConversationListActivity
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/contact/ContactListAdapter.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactListAdapter
com/android/messaging/md3/util/ImageUtils.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.ImageUtils
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.ImageUtils$ImageResizer
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/MediaChooser.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.MediaChooser
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.MediaChooser$1
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/pdu/MultimediaMessagePdu.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.MultimediaMessagePdu
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/ParticipantRefresh.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.ParticipantRefresh
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.ParticipantRefresh$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.ParticipantRefresh$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.ParticipantRefresh$ContactContentObserver
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.ParticipantRefresh$ConversationParticipantsQuery
androidx/appcompat/mms/pdu/GenericPdu.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.pdu.GenericPdu
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/camerafocus/PieItem.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.camerafocus.PieItem
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.camerafocus.PieItem$OnClickListener
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/PoolableImageCache.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.PoolableImageCache
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.PoolableImageCache$ReusableImageResourcePool
androidx/appcompat/mms/pdu/InvalidHeaderValueException.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.pdu.InvalidHeaderValueException
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversationlist/MultiSelectActionModeCallback.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.MultiSelectActionModeCallback
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.MultiSelectActionModeCallback$Listener
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.MultiSelectActionModeCallback$SelectedConversation
com/android/messaging/md3/sms/SmsStorageStatusManager.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.SmsStorageStatusManager
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/photoviewer/BuglePhotoPageAdapter.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.photoviewer.BuglePhotoPageAdapter
androidx/appcompat/mms/pdu/PduContentTypes.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.pdu.PduContentTypes
com/android/messaging/md3/util/UiUtils.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.UiUtils
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.UiUtils$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.UiUtils$2
com/android/messaging/md3/util/exif/IfdData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.IfdData
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/contact/ContactListItemView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactListItemView
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactListItemView$HostInterface
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/pdu/SendReq.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.SendReq
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/pdu/PduBody.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.PduBody
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/MediaPickerPanel.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.MediaPickerPanel
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.MediaPickerPanel$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.MediaPickerPanel$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.MediaPickerPanel$3
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.MediaPickerPanel$TouchHandler
com/android/messaging/md3/receiver/NotificationReceiver.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.receiver.NotificationReceiver
com/android/messaging/md3/receiver/MmsWapPushDeliverReceiver.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.receiver.MmsWapPushDeliverReceiver
com/android/messaging/md3/util/CubicBezierInterpolator.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.CubicBezierInterpolator
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/DatabaseHelper.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.DatabaseHelper
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.DatabaseHelper$ConversationColumns
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.DatabaseHelper$ConversationParticipantsColumns
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.DatabaseHelper$MessageColumns
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.DatabaseHelper$PartColumns
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.DatabaseHelper$ParticipantColumns
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversationlist/ShareIntentAdapter.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ShareIntentAdapter
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ShareIntentAdapter$HostInterface
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ShareIntentAdapter$ShareIntentViewHolder
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ShareIntentAdapter$ShareIntentViewHolder$1
com/android/messaging/md3/receiver/SmsReceiver.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.receiver.SmsReceiver
 com.android.messaging.md3.receiver.SmsReceiver$SecondaryUserNotificationState
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/UriImageRequest.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.UriImageRequest
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/ConversationData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ConversationData
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ConversationData$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ConversationData$ConversationDataEventDispatcher
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ConversationData$ConversationDataListener
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ConversationData$MessagesLoaderCallbacks
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ConversationData$MetadataLoaderCallbacks
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ConversationData$ParticipantLoaderCallbacks
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ConversationData$ReversedCursor
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ConversationData$SelfParticipantLoaderCallbacks
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ConversationData$SimpleConversationDataListener
com/android/messaging/md3/util/exif/JpegHeader.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.JpegHeader
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/camerafocus/RenderOverlay.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.camerafocus.RenderOverlay
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.camerafocus.RenderOverlay$RenderView
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.camerafocus.RenderOverlay$Renderer
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversationlist/AbstractConversationListActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.AbstractConversationListActivity
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.AbstractConversationListActivity$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.AbstractConversationListActivity$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.AbstractConversationListActivity$3
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.AbstractConversationListActivity$4
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.AbstractConversationListActivity$4$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.AbstractConversationListActivity$UpdateDestinationBlockedActionSnackBar
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/FixedViewPagerAdapter.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.FixedViewPagerAdapter
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/binding/ImmutableBindingRef.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.binding.ImmutableBindingRef
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/camerafocus/FocusOverlayManager.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.camerafocus.FocusOverlayManager
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.camerafocus.FocusOverlayManager$Listener
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.camerafocus.FocusOverlayManager$MainHandler
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/pdu/NotificationInd.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.NotificationInd
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/photoviewer/BuglePhotoViewActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.photoviewer.BuglePhotoViewActivity
com/android/messaging/md3/util/ChangeDefaultSmsAppHelper.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.ChangeDefaultSmsAppHelper
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.ChangeDefaultSmsAppHelper$ChangeSmsAppSettingRunnable
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/contact/ContactRecipientAutoCompleteView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactRecipientAutoCompleteView
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactRecipientAutoCompleteView$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactRecipientAutoCompleteView$AsyncContactChipSanitizeTask
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactRecipientAutoCompleteView$ChipReplacementTuple
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactRecipientAutoCompleteView$ContactChipsChangeListener
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactRecipientAutoCompleteView$ContactChipsWatcher
com/android/messaging/md3/util/AccessibilityUtil.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.AccessibilityUtil
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversation/MessageDetailsDialog.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.MessageDetailsDialog
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.MessageDetailsDialog$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/debug/DebugMmsConfigItemView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.debug.DebugMmsConfigItemView
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.debug.DebugMmsConfigItemView$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.debug.DebugMmsConfigItemView$MmsConfigItemListener
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversationsettings/PeopleAndOptionsFragment.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationsettings.PeopleAndOptionsFragment
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationsettings.PeopleAndOptionsFragment$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationsettings.PeopleAndOptionsFragment$OptionsListAdapter
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationsettings.PeopleAndOptionsFragment$PeopleAndOptionsPartition
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationsettings.PeopleAndOptionsFragment$PeopleListAdapter
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationsettings.PeopleAndOptionsFragment$PeopleListAdapter$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/PausableChronometer.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.PausableChronometer
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/appsettings/ApnEditorActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.ApnEditorActivity
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.ApnEditorActivity$ApnEditorFragment
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.ApnEditorActivity$ApnEditorFragment$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.ApnEditorActivity$ApnEditorFragment$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.ApnEditorActivity$ApnEditorFragment$3
com/android/messaging/md3/util/EmailAddress.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.EmailAddress
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversationsettings/CopyContactDetailDialog.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationsettings.CopyContactDetailDialog
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/attachmentchooser/AttachmentChooserActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.attachmentchooser.AttachmentChooserActivity
com/android/messaging/md3/receiver/AbortMmsWapPushReceiver.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.receiver.AbortMmsWapPushReceiver
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/MarkAsReadAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.MarkAsReadAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.MarkAsReadAction$1
androidx/appcompat/mms/pdu/Base64.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.pdu.Base64
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/PagingAwareViewPager.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.PagingAwareViewPager
com/android/messaging/md3/util/LogSaver.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.LogSaver
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.LogSaver$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.LogSaver$DiskLogSaver
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.LogSaver$DiskLogSaver$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.LogSaver$MemoryLogSaver
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.LogSaver$MemoryLogSaver$LogRecord
androidx/appcompat/mms/pdu/PduHeaders.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.pdu.PduHeaders
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/ContactMediaChooser.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.ContactMediaChooser
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.ContactMediaChooser$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.ContactMediaChooser$2
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/AudioMediaChooser.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.AudioMediaChooser
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/util/DrmConvertSession.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.util.DrmConvertSession
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/MediaScratchFileProvider.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.MediaScratchFileProvider
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/GalleryBoundCursorLoader.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.GalleryBoundCursorLoader
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/WidgetPickConversationActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.WidgetPickConversationActivity
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/NotificationState.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.NotificationState
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.NotificationState$FailedMessageQuery
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/appsettings/ApnPreference.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.ApnPreference
com/android/messaging/md3/util/LogUtil.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.LogUtil
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.LogUtil$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversationlist/ShareIntentFragment.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ShareIntentFragment
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ShareIntentFragment$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ShareIntentFragment$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ShareIntentFragment$HostInterface
com/android/messaging/md3/receiver/SendStatusReceiver.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.receiver.SendStatusReceiver
androidx/appcompat/mms/MmsNetworkException.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.MmsNetworkException
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/PersonItemView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.PersonItemView
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.PersonItemView$PersonItemViewListener
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/attachmentchooser/AttachmentGridItemView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.attachmentchooser.AttachmentGridItemView
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.attachmentchooser.AttachmentGridItemView$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.attachmentchooser.AttachmentGridItemView$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.attachmentchooser.AttachmentGridItemView$3
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.attachmentchooser.AttachmentGridItemView$HostInterface
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/pdu/NotifyRespInd.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.NotifyRespInd
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversation/ConversationActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationActivity
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/LogTelephonyDatabaseAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.LogTelephonyDatabaseAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.LogTelephonyDatabaseAction$1
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/ContactPickerData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ContactPickerData
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ContactPickerData$ContactPickerDataListener
com/android/messaging/md3/annotation/VisibleForAnimation.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.annotation.VisibleForAnimation
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/CameraMediaChooser.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraMediaChooser
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraMediaChooser$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraMediaChooser$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraMediaChooser$3
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraMediaChooser$4
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraMediaChooser$4$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraMediaChooser$5
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraMediaChooser$6
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraMediaChooser$7
com/android/messaging/md3/util/CaptchaUtil.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.CaptchaUtil
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/SoundLevels.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.SoundLevels
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.SoundLevels$1
com/android/messaging/md3/util/ThreadUtil.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.ThreadUtil
com/android/messaging/md3/util/ImeUtil.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.ImeUtil
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.ImeUtil$ImeStateHost
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.ImeUtil$ImeStateObserver
com/android/messaging/md3/receiver/DefaultSmsSubscriptionChangeReceiver.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.receiver.DefaultSmsSubscriptionChangeReceiver
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/pdu/QuotedPrintable.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.QuotedPrintable
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/UpdateMessagePartSizeAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.UpdateMessagePartSizeAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.UpdateMessagePartSizeAction$1
androidx/appcompat/mms/pdu/DeliveryInd.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.pdu.DeliveryInd
com/android/messaging/md3/sms/MmsSmsUtils.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.MmsSmsUtils
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.MmsSmsUtils$Threads
com/android/messaging/md3/sms/SystemProperties.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.SystemProperties
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/pdu/AcknowledgeInd.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.AcknowledgeInd
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversation/ConversationInputManager.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationInputManager
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationInputManager$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationInputManager$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationInputManager$ConversationImeKeyboard
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationInputManager$ConversationInputHost
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationInputManager$ConversationInputSink
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationInputManager$ConversationMediaPicker
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationInputManager$ConversationMediaPicker$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationInputManager$SimSelector
com/android/messaging/md3/BuildConfig.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.BuildConfig
com/android/messaging/md3/util/DebugUtils.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.DebugUtils
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.DebugUtils$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.DebugUtils$10
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.DebugUtils$11
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.DebugUtils$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.DebugUtils$3
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.DebugUtils$4
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.DebugUtils$5
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.DebugUtils$6
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.DebugUtils$7
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.DebugUtils$8
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.DebugUtils$9
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.DebugUtils$DebugAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.DebugUtils$DebugSmsMmsDumpTask
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.DebugUtils$DebugSmsMmsDumpTask$1
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/util/PduCacheEntry.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.util.PduCacheEntry
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/ProcessPendingMessagesAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ProcessPendingMessagesAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ProcessPendingMessagesAction$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ProcessPendingMessagesAction$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ProcessPendingMessagesAction$3
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/BackgroundWorker.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.BackgroundWorker
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/pdu/EncodedStringValue.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.EncodedStringValue
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/ProcessDownloadedMmsAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ProcessDownloadedMmsAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ProcessDownloadedMmsAction$1
com/android/messaging/md3/util/UriUtil.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.UriUtil
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/CompositeAdapter.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.CompositeAdapter
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.CompositeAdapter$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.CompositeAdapter$Observer
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.CompositeAdapter$Partition
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/VCardDetailFragment.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.VCardDetailFragment
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.VCardDetailFragment$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.VCardDetailFragment$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.VCardDetailFragment$3
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversation/EnterSelfPhoneNumberDialog.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.EnterSelfPhoneNumberDialog
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.EnterSelfPhoneNumberDialog$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.EnterSelfPhoneNumberDialog$2
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/util/DownloadDrmHelper.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.util.DownloadDrmHelper
com/android/messaging/md3/util/GifTranscoder.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.GifTranscoder
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/MessageNotificationState.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.MessageNotificationState
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.MessageNotificationState$BundledMessageNotificationState
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.MessageNotificationState$ConversationInfoList
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.MessageNotificationState$ConversationLineInfo
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.MessageNotificationState$MessageLineInfo
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.MessageNotificationState$MultiConversationNotificationState
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.MessageNotificationState$MultiMessageNotificationState
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.MessageNotificationState$NotificationLineInfo
com/android/messaging/md3/widget/BugleWidgetProvider.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.widget.BugleWidgetProvider
 com.android.messaging.md3.widget.BugleWidgetProvider$1
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/AvatarRequestDescriptor.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.AvatarRequestDescriptor
com/android/messaging/md3/sms/SmsSender.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.SmsSender
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.SmsSender$SendResult
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/VCardRequestDescriptor.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.VCardRequestDescriptor
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/BugleMediaCacheManager.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.BugleMediaCacheManager
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/MessagingContentProvider.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.MessagingContentProvider
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.MessagingContentProvider$ConversationParticipantsQueryColumns
androidx/appcompat/mms/pdu/AcknowledgeInd.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.pdu.AcknowledgeInd
com/android/messaging/md3/util/FileUtil.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.FileUtil
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/MediaPickerData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.MediaPickerData
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.MediaPickerData$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.MediaPickerData$GalleryLoaderCallbacks
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.MediaPickerData$MediaPickerDataListener
androidx/appcompat/mms/SendRequest.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.SendRequest
 androidx.appcompat.mms.SendRequest$1
 androidx.appcompat.mms.SendRequest$2
androidx/appcompat/mms/pdu/NotifyRespInd.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.pdu.NotifyRespInd
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/MessagePartData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.MessagePartData
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.MessagePartData$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.MessagePartData$2
androidx/appcompat/mms/MmsHttpClient.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.MmsHttpClient
com/android/messaging/md3/util/BugleActivityUtil.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.BugleActivityUtil
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.BugleActivityUtil$1
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/pdu/GenericPdu.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.GenericPdu
com/android/messaging/md3/util/CaptchaKeywordsUtils.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.CaptchaKeywordsUtils
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/PermissionCheckActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.PermissionCheckActivity
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.PermissionCheckActivity$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/BasePagerViewHolder.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.BasePagerViewHolder
androidx/appcompat/mms/pdu/SendReq.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.pdu.SendReq
com/android/messaging/md3/sms/SmsReleaseStorage.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.SmsReleaseStorage
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.SmsReleaseStorage$Duration
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/AvatarRequest.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.AvatarRequest
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/ActionService.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ActionService
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/pdu/PduHeaders.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.PduHeaders
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/PeopleAndOptionsData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.PeopleAndOptionsData
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.PeopleAndOptionsData$PeopleAndOptionsDataListener
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/UIIntents.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.UIIntents
androidx/appcompat/mms/MmsHttpException.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.MmsHttpException
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/ReceiveSmsMessageAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ReceiveSmsMessageAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ReceiveSmsMessageAction$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/AudioAttachmentPlayPauseButton.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.AudioAttachmentPlayPauseButton
androidx/appcompat/mms/pdu/PduParser.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.pdu.PduParser
com/android/messaging/md3/sms/BugleCarrierConfigValuesLoader.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.BugleCarrierConfigValuesLoader
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.BugleCarrierConfigValuesLoader$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/attachmentchooser/AttachmentChooserFragment.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.attachmentchooser.AttachmentChooserFragment
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.attachmentchooser.AttachmentChooserFragment$AttachmentChooserFragmentHost
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.attachmentchooser.AttachmentChooserFragment$AttachmentGridAdapter
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversation/LaunchConversationActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.LaunchConversationActivity
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/PeopleOptionsItemData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.PeopleOptionsItemData
androidx/appcompat/mms/pdu/NotificationInd.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.pdu.NotificationInd
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/BindableMediaRequest.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.BindableMediaRequest
androidx/appcompat/mms/pdu/PduBody.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.pdu.PduBody
com/android/messaging/md3/util/CircularArray.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.CircularArray
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/MediaBytes.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.MediaBytes
com/android/messaging/md3/widget/WidgetConversationListService.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.widget.WidgetConversationListService
 com.android.messaging.md3.widget.WidgetConversationListService$WidgetConversationListFactory
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversation/ConversationMessageBubbleView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationMessageBubbleView
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationMessageBubbleView$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/CustomHeaderPagerViewHolder.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.CustomHeaderPagerViewHolder
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/AudioLevelSource.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.AudioLevelSource
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.AudioLevelSource$Listener
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversation/ConversationFragment.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationFragment
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationFragment$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationFragment$10
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationFragment$11
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationFragment$12
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationFragment$13
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationFragment$14
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationFragment$15
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationFragment$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationFragment$3
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationFragment$4
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationFragment$5
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationFragment$6
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationFragment$6$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationFragment$6$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationFragment$7
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationFragment$8
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationFragment$9
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationFragment$AttachmentToSave
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationFragment$ConversationFragmentHost
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationFragment$SaveAttachmentTask
com/android/messaging/md3/util/BugleGservicesKeys.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.BugleGservicesKeys
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversation/ConversationActivityUiState.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationActivityUiState
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationActivityUiState$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationActivityUiState$ConversationActivityUiStateHost
androidx/appcompat/mms/Utils.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.Utils
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/MemoryCacheManager.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.MemoryCacheManager
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.MemoryCacheManager$MemoryCache
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/ConversationListData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ConversationListData
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ConversationListData$ConversationListDataListener
androidx/appcompat/mms/PhoneNumberHelper.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.PhoneNumberHelper
com/android/messaging/md3/receiver/StorageStatusReceiver.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.receiver.StorageStatusReceiver
com/android/messaging/md3/util/ConnectivityUtil.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.ConnectivityUtil
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.ConnectivityUtil$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.ConnectivityUtil$ConnectivityListener
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversation/ConversationMessageAdapter.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationMessageAdapter
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationMessageAdapter$ConversationMessageViewHolder
com/android/messaging/md3/util/ContentType.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.ContentType
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/OrientedBitmapDrawable.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.OrientedBitmapDrawable
androidx/appcompat/mms/ApnsXmlParser.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.ApnsXmlParser
 androidx.appcompat.mms.ApnsXmlParser$ApnProcessor
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/DeleteMessageAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.DeleteMessageAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.DeleteMessageAction$1
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/pdu/PduPart.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.PduPart
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/debug/DebugSmsMmsFromDumpFileDialogFragment.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.debug.DebugSmsMmsFromDumpFileDialogFragment
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.debug.DebugSmsMmsFromDumpFileDialogFragment$DumpFileListAdapter
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.debug.DebugSmsMmsFromDumpFileDialogFragment$DumpFileListAdapter$1
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/DeleteConversationAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.DeleteConversationAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.DeleteConversationAction$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/UIIntentsImpl.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.UIIntentsImpl
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/binding/Binding.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.binding.Binding
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/CameraManager.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraManager
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraManager$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraManager$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraManager$3
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraManager$4
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraManager$5
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraManager$6
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraManager$7
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraManager$8
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraManager$9
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraManager$CameraManagerListener
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraManager$CameraWrapper
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraManager$MediaCallback
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraManager$OrientationHandler
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraManager$SizeComparator
com/android/messaging/md3/util/MediaMetadataRetrieverWrapper.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.MediaMetadataRetrieverWrapper
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/RedownloadMmsAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.RedownloadMmsAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.RedownloadMmsAction$1
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/DownloadMmsAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.DownloadMmsAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.DownloadMmsAction$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.DownloadMmsAction$DownloadMmsActionListener
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/pdu/PduContentTypes.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.PduContentTypes
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/NetworkUriImageRequest.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.NetworkUriImageRequest
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/SqliteWrapper.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.SqliteWrapper
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/VideoThumbnailView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.VideoThumbnailView
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.VideoThumbnailView$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.VideoThumbnailView$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.VideoThumbnailView$3
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.VideoThumbnailView$4
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.VideoThumbnailView$5
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/GalleryGridAdapter.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.GalleryGridAdapter
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/util/PduCache.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.util.PduCache
com/android/messaging/md3/util/BugleSubscriptionPrefs.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.BugleSubscriptionPrefs
com/android/messaging/md3/util/exif/ExifInterface.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$ColorSpace
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$ComponentsConfiguration
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$Compression
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$Contrast
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$ExposureMode
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$ExposureProgram
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$FileSource
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$Flash
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$GainControl
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$GpsAltitudeRef
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$GpsDifferential
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$GpsLatitudeRef
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$GpsLongitudeRef
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$GpsMeasureMode
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$GpsSpeedRef
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$GpsStatus
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$GpsTrackRef
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$LightSource
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$MeteringMode
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$Orientation
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$OrientationParams
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$PhotometricInterpretation
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$PlanarConfiguration
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$ResolutionUnit
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$Saturation
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$SceneCapture
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$SceneType
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$SensingMethod
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$Sharpness
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$SubjectDistance
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$WhiteBalance
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifInterface$YCbCrPositioning
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversationlist/ArchivedConversationListActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ArchivedConversationListActivity
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/MmsFileProvider.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.MmsFileProvider
com/android/messaging/md3/util/exif/IfdId.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.IfdId
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversationlist/ForwardMessageActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ForwardMessageActivity
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/GalleryGridView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.GalleryGridView
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.GalleryGridView$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.GalleryGridView$GalleryGridViewListener
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.GalleryGridView$SavedState
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.GalleryGridView$SavedState$1
com/android/messaging/md3/sms/ApnDatabase.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.ApnDatabase
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.ApnDatabase$1
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/FrequentContactsCursorQueryData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.FrequentContactsCursorQueryData
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.FrequentContactsCursorQueryData$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.FrequentContactsCursorQueryData$FrequentContactsCursorLoader
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.FrequentContactsCursorQueryData$FrequentContactsCursorLoader$FrequentOnlyContactsQueryStrategy
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.FrequentContactsCursorQueryData$FrequentContactsCursorLoader$PhoneOnlyStrequentContactsQueryStrategy
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.FrequentContactsCursorQueryData$FrequentContactsCursorLoader$PrimaryStrequentContactsQueryStrategy
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.FrequentContactsCursorQueryData$FrequentContactsCursorLoader$StrequentContactsQueryStrategy
androidx/appcompat/mms/pdu/ReadOrigInd.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.pdu.ReadOrigInd
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/MarkAsSeenAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.MarkAsSeenAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.MarkAsSeenAction$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/appsettings/ApnSettingsActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.ApnSettingsActivity
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.ApnSettingsActivity$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.ApnSettingsActivity$ApnSettingsFragment
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.ApnSettingsActivity$ApnSettingsFragment$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.ApnSettingsActivity$ApnSettingsFragment$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.ApnSettingsActivity$ApnSettingsFragment$RestoreApnProcessHandler
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.ApnSettingsActivity$ApnSettingsFragment$RestoreApnUiHandler
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversationsettings/PeopleAndOptionsActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationsettings.PeopleAndOptionsActivity
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/InvalidHeaderValueException.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.InvalidHeaderValueException
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/SyncCursorPair.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.SyncCursorPair
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.SyncCursorPair$CursorIterator
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.SyncCursorPair$LocalCursorIterator
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.SyncCursorPair$LocalMessageQuery
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.SyncCursorPair$RemoteCursorsIterator
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/LineWrapLayout.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.LineWrapLayout
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.LineWrapLayout$LayoutParams
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/pdu/Base64.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.Base64
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/UriImageRequestDescriptor.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.UriImageRequestDescriptor
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/binding/DetachableBinding.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.binding.DetachableBinding
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/VCardDetailActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.VCardDetailActivity
com/android/messaging/md3/sms/BugleApnSettingsLoader.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.BugleApnSettingsLoader
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.BugleApnSettingsLoader$BaseApn
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.BugleApnSettingsLoader$DatabaseApn
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/contact/ContactRecipientAdapter.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactRecipientAdapter
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactRecipientAdapter$ContactFilter
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactRecipientAdapter$ContactFilter$ContactReceipientFilterResult
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactRecipientAdapter$ContactFilter$CursorResult
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactRecipientAdapter$ContactFilter$RecipientEntryComparator
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/debug/DebugMmsConfigActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.debug.DebugMmsConfigActivity
androidx/appcompat/mms/MmsService.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.MmsService
 androidx.appcompat.mms.MmsService$1
 androidx.appcompat.mms.MmsService$2
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/VCardRequest.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.VCardRequest
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.VCardRequest$ContactVCardEntryHandler
androidx/appcompat/mms/DefaultUserAgentInfoLoader.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.DefaultUserAgentInfoLoader
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversation/ConversationInput.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationInput
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationInput$ConversationInputBase
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/MediaPickerMessagePartData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.MediaPickerMessagePartData
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversation/SimIconView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.SimIconView
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.SimIconView$1
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/pdu/PduPersister.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.PduPersister
com/android/messaging/md3/util/SafeAsyncTask.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.SafeAsyncTask
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.SafeAsyncTask$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.SafeAsyncTask$2
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/GalleryGridItemData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.GalleryGridItemData
androidx/appcompat/mms/pdu/CharacterSets.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.pdu.CharacterSets
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/ConversationImagePartsView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.ConversationImagePartsView
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.ConversationImagePartsView$Columns
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.ConversationImagePartsView$PhotoViewQuery
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/UpdateMessageNotificationAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.UpdateMessageNotificationAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.UpdateMessageNotificationAction$1
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/BlockedParticipantsData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.BlockedParticipantsData
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.BlockedParticipantsData$BlockedParticipantsDataListener
com/android/messaging/md3/util/exif/ExifReader.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifReader
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/ReceiveMmsMessageAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ReceiveMmsMessageAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ReceiveMmsMessageAction$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/CameraMediaChooserView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraMediaChooserView
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraMediaChooserView$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversationlist/ConversationListFragment.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ConversationListFragment
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ConversationListFragment$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ConversationListFragment$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ConversationListFragment$3
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ConversationListFragment$ConversationListFragmentHost
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/SendMessageAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.SendMessageAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.SendMessageAction$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/SmsStorageLowWarningFragment.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SmsStorageLowWarningFragment
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SmsStorageLowWarningFragment$ChooseActionDialogFragment
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SmsStorageLowWarningFragment$ChooseActionDialogFragment$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SmsStorageLowWarningFragment$ChooseActionDialogFragment$ActionListAdapter
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SmsStorageLowWarningFragment$ChooseActionDialogFragment$ActionListAdapter$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SmsStorageLowWarningFragment$ConfirmationDialog
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SmsStorageLowWarningFragment$ConfirmationDialog$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SmsStorageLowWarningFragment$ConfirmationDialog$2
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/ImeDetectFrameLayout.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.ImeDetectFrameLayout
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/BaseBugleFragmentActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.BaseBugleFragmentActivity
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/CompositeImageRequestDescriptor.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.CompositeImageRequestDescriptor
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/MediaCacheManager.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.MediaCacheManager
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/PendingAttachmentData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.PendingAttachmentData
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.PendingAttachmentData$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.PendingAttachmentData$2
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/AttachmentPreviewFactory.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.AttachmentPreviewFactory
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.AttachmentPreviewFactory$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.AttachmentPreviewFactory$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.AttachmentPreviewFactory$3
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/PlainTextEditText.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.PlainTextEditText
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/CursorQueryData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.CursorQueryData
androidx/appcompat/mms/DownloadRequest.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.DownloadRequest
 androidx.appcompat.mms.DownloadRequest$1
 androidx.appcompat.mms.DownloadRequest$2
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/BackgroundWorkerService.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.BackgroundWorkerService
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/DatabaseWrapper.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.DatabaseWrapper
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.DatabaseWrapper$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.DatabaseWrapper$TransactionData
com/android/messaging/md3/util/exif/ByteBufferInputStream.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ByteBufferInputStream
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/ConversationMessageBubbleData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ConversationMessageBubbleData
com/android/messaging/md3/util/TextUtil.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.TextUtil
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/SnackBarManager.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SnackBarManager
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SnackBarManager$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SnackBarManager$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SnackBarManager$3
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SnackBarManager$4
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SnackBarManager$5
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SnackBarManager$6
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SnackBarManager$7
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SnackBarManager$8
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/contact/AllContactsListViewHolder.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.AllContactsListViewHolder
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversation/ConversationFastScroller.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationFastScroller
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationFastScroller$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationFastScroller$2
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/pdu/PduParser.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.PduParser
androidx/appcompat/mms/pdu/QuotedPrintable.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.pdu.QuotedPrintable
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/DecodedImageResource.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.DecodedImageResource
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.DecodedImageResource$EncodeImageRequest
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/CameraPreview.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraPreview
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.CameraPreview$CameraPreviewHost
com/android/messaging/md3/sms/MmsConfig.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.MmsConfig
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.MmsConfig$1
com/android/messaging/md3/util/PendingIntentConstants.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.PendingIntentConstants
com/android/messaging/md3/util/OsUtil.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.OsUtil
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/SyncMessageBatch.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.SyncMessageBatch
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/GalleryMediaChooser.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.GalleryMediaChooser
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.GalleryMediaChooser$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/contact/ContactPickerFragment.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactPickerFragment
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactPickerFragment$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactPickerFragment$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactPickerFragment$3
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactPickerFragment$4
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactPickerFragment$5
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactPickerFragment$ContactPickerFragmentHost
androidx/appcompat/mms/pdu/RetrieveConf.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.pdu.RetrieveConf
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/DraftMessageData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.DraftMessageData
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.DraftMessageData$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.DraftMessageData$CheckDraftForSendTask
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.DraftMessageData$CheckDraftTaskCallback
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.DraftMessageData$DraftMessageDataEventDispatcher
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.DraftMessageData$DraftMessageDataListener
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.DraftMessageData$DraftMessageSubscriptionDataProvider
com/android/messaging/md3/util/PrefsUtils.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.PrefsUtils
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/photoviewer/BuglePhotoViewFragment.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.photoviewer.BuglePhotoViewFragment
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/InsertNewMessageAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.InsertNewMessageAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.InsertNewMessageAction$1
com/android/messaging/md3/util/exif/CountedDataInputStream.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.CountedDataInputStream
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/MessageTextStats.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.MessageTextStats
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/camerafocus/FocusIndicator.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.camerafocus.FocusIndicator
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/VCardDetailAdapter.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.VCardDetailAdapter
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/MessagePartImageRequestDescriptor.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.MessagePartImageRequestDescriptor
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/ResendMessageAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ResendMessageAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ResendMessageAction$1
com/android/messaging/md3/util/exif/Rational.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.Rational
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/camerafocus/PieRenderer.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.camerafocus.PieRenderer
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.camerafocus.PieRenderer$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.camerafocus.PieRenderer$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.camerafocus.PieRenderer$3
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.camerafocus.PieRenderer$4
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.camerafocus.PieRenderer$Disappear
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.camerafocus.PieRenderer$EndAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.camerafocus.PieRenderer$LinearAnimation
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.camerafocus.PieRenderer$PieListener
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.camerafocus.PieRenderer$ScaleAnimation
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/BlockedParticipantListItemView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.BlockedParticipantListItemView
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.BlockedParticipantListItemView$1
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/DataModelImpl.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.DataModelImpl
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.DataModelImpl$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.DataModelImpl$2
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/ConversationParticipantsData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ConversationParticipantsData
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ConversationParticipantsData$1
androidx/appcompat/mms/MmsRequest.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.MmsRequest
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/pdu/RetrieveConf.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.RetrieveConf
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversationlist/ConversationListSwipeHelper.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ConversationListSwipeHelper
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ConversationListSwipeHelper$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ConversationListSwipeHelper$2
com/android/messaging/md3/sms/DatabaseMessages.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.DatabaseMessages
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.DatabaseMessages$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.DatabaseMessages$DatabaseMessage
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.DatabaseMessages$LocalDatabaseMessage
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.DatabaseMessages$LocalDatabaseMessage$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.DatabaseMessages$MmsAddr
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.DatabaseMessages$MmsMessage
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.DatabaseMessages$MmsMessage$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.DatabaseMessages$MmsPart
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.DatabaseMessages$MmsPart$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.DatabaseMessages$SmsMessage
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.DatabaseMessages$SmsMessage$1
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/ParticipantData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ParticipantData
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ParticipantData$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ParticipantData$ParticipantsQuery
com/android/messaging/md3/util/ConversationIdSet.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.ConversationIdSet
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/PersonItemData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.PersonItemData
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.PersonItemData$PersonItemDataListener
com/android/messaging/md3/receiver/CaptchaCodeReceiver.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.receiver.CaptchaCodeReceiver
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/BlockedParticipantsFragment.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.BlockedParticipantsFragment
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.BlockedParticipantsFragment$BlockedParticipantListAdapter
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/animation/RectEvaluatorCompat.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.animation.RectEvaluatorCompat
com/android/messaging/md3/util/Dates.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.Dates
com/android/messaging/md3/receiver/SmsDeliverReceiver.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.receiver.SmsDeliverReceiver
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/SyncManager.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.SyncManager
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.SyncManager$ConversationCustomization
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.SyncManager$TelephonyMessagesObserver
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.SyncManager$ThreadInfoCache
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/WriteDraftMessageAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.WriteDraftMessageAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.WriteDraftMessageAction$1
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/CompositeImageRequest.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.CompositeImageRequest
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/AttachmentPreview.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.AttachmentPreview
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.AttachmentPreview$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.AttachmentPreview$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.AttachmentPreview$2$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.AttachmentPreview$3
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.AttachmentPreview$4
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.AttachmentPreview$5
com/android/messaging/md3/util/BuglePrefsKeys.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.BuglePrefsKeys
com/android/messaging/md3/util/PhoneUtils.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.PhoneUtils
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.PhoneUtils$LMr1
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.PhoneUtils$PhoneUtilsLMR1
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.PhoneUtils$PhoneUtilsPreLMR1
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.PhoneUtils$SubscriptionRunnable
com/android/messaging/md3/widget/WidgetConversationProvider.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.widget.WidgetConversationProvider
 com.android.messaging.md3.widget.WidgetConversationProvider$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversationsettings/PeopleOptionsItemView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationsettings.PeopleOptionsItemView
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationsettings.PeopleOptionsItemView$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationsettings.PeopleOptionsItemView$HostInterface
com/android/messaging/md3/util/MaterialPalette.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.MaterialPalette
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/CustomHeaderViewPagerAdapter.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.CustomHeaderViewPagerAdapter
com/android/messaging/md3/util/YouTubeUtil.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.YouTubeUtil
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/LevelTrackingMediaRecorder.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.LevelTrackingMediaRecorder
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.LevelTrackingMediaRecorder$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.LevelTrackingMediaRecorder$2
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/CustomHeaderPagerListViewHolder.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.CustomHeaderPagerListViewHolder
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.CustomHeaderPagerListViewHolder$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/animation/PopupTransitionAnimation.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.animation.PopupTransitionAnimation
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.animation.PopupTransitionAnimation$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.animation.PopupTransitionAnimation$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.animation.PopupTransitionAnimation$3
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.animation.PopupTransitionAnimation$4
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.animation.PopupTransitionAnimation$5
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/MaxHeightScrollView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.MaxHeightScrollView
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/binding/BindingBase.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.binding.BindingBase
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/MediaPickerGridView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.MediaPickerGridView
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/PlaybackStateView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.PlaybackStateView
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/ReadDraftDataAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ReadDraftDataAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ReadDraftDataAction$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ReadDraftDataAction$DraftData
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ReadDraftDataAction$ReadDraftDataActionListener
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.ReadDraftDataAction$ReadDraftDataActionMonitor
com/android/messaging/md3/util/BugleGservicesImpl.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.BugleGservicesImpl
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversationlist/ConversationListAdapter.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ConversationListAdapter
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ConversationListAdapter$ConversationListViewHolder
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/LicenseActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.LicenseActivity
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/MmsException.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.MmsException
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/SimSelectorAvatarRequest.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.SimSelectorAvatarRequest
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/pdu/ReadRecInd.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.ReadRecInd
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/GalleryGridItemView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.GalleryGridItemView
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.GalleryGridItemView$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.GalleryGridItemView$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.GalleryGridItemView$3
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.GalleryGridItemView$3$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.GalleryGridItemView$HostInterface
com/android/messaging/md3/receiver/MmsWapPushReceiver.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.receiver.MmsWapPushReceiver
androidx/appcompat/mms/pdu/ReadRecInd.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.pdu.ReadRecInd
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/SnackBarInteraction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SnackBarInteraction
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SnackBarInteraction$BasicSnackBarInteraction
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversation/ComposeMessageView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ComposeMessageView
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ComposeMessageView$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ComposeMessageView$10
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ComposeMessageView$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ComposeMessageView$3
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ComposeMessageView$4
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ComposeMessageView$5
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ComposeMessageView$6
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ComposeMessageView$7
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ComposeMessageView$8
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ComposeMessageView$9
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ComposeMessageView$AsyncUpdateMessageBodySizeTask
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ComposeMessageView$IComposeMessageViewHost
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/ImageRequestDescriptor.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.ImageRequestDescriptor
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/SmsStorageLowWarningActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SmsStorageLowWarningActivity
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/FileProvider.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.FileProvider
com/android/messaging/md3/sms/BugleUserAgentInfoLoader.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.BugleUserAgentInfoLoader
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/FileImageRequest.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.FileImageRequest
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/photoviewer/BuglePhotoBitmapLoader.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.photoviewer.BuglePhotoBitmapLoader
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/Action.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.Action
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversationlist/ConversationListItemView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ConversationListItemView
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ConversationListItemView$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ConversationListItemView$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversationlist.ConversationListItemView$HostInterface
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/PersistentInstanceState.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.PersistentInstanceState
com/android/messaging/md3/util/MediaUtil.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.MediaUtil
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.MediaUtil$OnCompletionListener
com/android/messaging/md3/util/LoggingTimer.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.LoggingTimer
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/MediaPicker.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.MediaPicker
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.MediaPicker$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.MediaPicker$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.MediaPicker$3
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.MediaPicker$4
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.MediaPicker$5
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.MediaPicker$6
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.MediaPicker$7
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.MediaPicker$8
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.MediaPicker$9
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.MediaPicker$MediaPickerListener
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/SnackBar.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SnackBar
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SnackBar$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SnackBar$Action
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SnackBar$Builder
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SnackBar$Placement
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.SnackBar$SnackBarListener
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/MessagePartVideoThumbnailRequestDescriptor.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.MessagePartVideoThumbnailRequestDescriptor
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/AudioAttachmentView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.AudioAttachmentView
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.AudioAttachmentView$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.AudioAttachmentView$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.AudioAttachmentView$3
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.AudioAttachmentView$4
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/ConversationListItemData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ConversationListItemData
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ConversationListItemData$ConversationListViewColumns
com/android/messaging/md3/sms/ApnsXmlProcessor.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.ApnsXmlProcessor
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.ApnsXmlProcessor$ApnHandler
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.ApnsXmlProcessor$MmsConfigHandler
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/VCardContactItemData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.VCardContactItemData
androidx/appcompat/mms/MmsXmlResourceParser.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.MmsXmlResourceParser
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversation/ConversationSimSelector.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationSimSelector
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationSimSelector$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.ConversationSimSelector$2
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/util/AbstractCache.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.util.AbstractCache
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.util.AbstractCache$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.util.AbstractCache$CacheEntry
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/FileImageRequestDescriptor.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.FileImageRequestDescriptor
com/android/messaging/md3/util/ContactUtil.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.ContactUtil
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.ContactUtil$EmailQuery
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.ContactUtil$FrequentContactQuery
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.ContactUtil$PhoneLookupQuery
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.ContactUtil$PhoneQuery
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.ContactUtil$SelfQuery
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.ContactUtil$StructuredNameQuery
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/pdu/DeliveryInd.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.pdu.DeliveryInd
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/ParticipantListItemData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.ParticipantListItemData
com/android/messaging/md3/util/WakeLockHelper.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.WakeLockHelper
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/VCardResourceEntry.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.VCardResourceEntry
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.VCardResourceEntry$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.VCardResourceEntry$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.VCardResourceEntry$VCardResourceEntryDestinationItem
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.VCardResourceEntry$VCardResourceEntryDestinationItem$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversation/MessageBubbleBackground.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.MessageBubbleBackground
com/android/messaging/md3/util/Typefaces.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.Typefaces
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/camerafocus/OverlayRenderer.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.camerafocus.OverlayRenderer
com/android/messaging/md3/util/NotificationsUtil.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.NotificationsUtil
androidx/appcompat/mms/UserAgentInfoLoader.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.UserAgentInfoLoader
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/contact/ContactDropdownLayouter.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactDropdownLayouter
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactDropdownLayouter$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.ContactDropdownLayouter$2
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/HandleLowStorageAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.HandleLowStorageAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.HandleLowStorageAction$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/ListEmptyView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.ListEmptyView
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/CustomVCardEntryConstructor.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.CustomVCardEntryConstructor
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.CustomVCardEntryConstructor$EntryHandler
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/CursorRecyclerAdapter.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.CursorRecyclerAdapter
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.CursorRecyclerAdapter$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.CursorRecyclerAdapter$ChangeObserver
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.CursorRecyclerAdapter$MyDataSetObserver
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/AudioRecordView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.AudioRecordView
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.AudioRecordView$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.AudioRecordView$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.AudioRecordView$3
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.AudioRecordView$4
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.AudioRecordView$HostInterface
com/android/messaging/md3/util/exif/ExifOutputStream.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifOutputStream
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/ClassZeroActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.ClassZeroActivity
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.ClassZeroActivity$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.ClassZeroActivity$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.ClassZeroActivity$3
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/MmsVideoRecorder.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.MmsVideoRecorder
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.MmsVideoRecorder$1
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/data/MessageData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.MessageData
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.data.MessageData$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/BaseBugleActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.BaseBugleActivity
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/mediapicker/ImagePersistTask.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.mediapicker.ImagePersistTask
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/AsyncMediaRequestWrapper.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.AsyncMediaRequestWrapper
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/ConversationDrawables.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.ConversationDrawables
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/MediaResourceManager.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.MediaResourceManager
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.MediaResourceManager$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.MediaResourceManager$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.MediaResourceManager$MediaLoadingResult
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.MediaResourceManager$MediaResourceLoadListener
com/android/messaging/md3/util/SwitchCompatUtils.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.SwitchCompatUtils
com/android/messaging/md3/util/AvatarUriUtil.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.AvatarUriUtil
com/android/messaging/md3/sms/MmsFailureException.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.sms.MmsFailureException
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/AsyncImageView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.AsyncImageView
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.AsyncImageView$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.AsyncImageView$AsyncImageViewDelayLoader
com/android/messaging/md3/util/exif/ExifTag.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.ExifTag
com/android/messaging/md3/util/exif/OrderedDataOutputStream.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.exif.OrderedDataOutputStream
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/contact/AddContactsConfirmationDialog.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.contact.AddContactsConfirmationDialog
com/android/messaging/md3/mmslib/Downloads.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.Downloads
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.Downloads$Impl
 com.android.messaging.md3.mmslib.Downloads$Impl$RequestHeaders
com/android/messaging/md3/util/MediaUtilImpl.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.MediaUtilImpl
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.MediaUtilImpl$1
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/BugleNotifications.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.BugleNotifications
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.BugleNotifications$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/conversation/SimSelectorItemView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.SimSelectorItemView
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.SimSelectorItemView$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.conversation.SimSelectorItemView$HostInterface
com/android/messaging/md3/util/BuglePrefs.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.BuglePrefs
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/MiuiPermissionGrantActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.MiuiPermissionGrantActivity
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/ViewPagerTabStrip.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.ViewPagerTabStrip
com/android/messaging/md3/BugleApplication.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.BugleApplication
 com.android.messaging.md3.BugleApplication$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.BugleApplication$2
 com.android.messaging.md3.BugleApplication$3
 com.android.messaging.md3.BugleApplication$4
 com.android.messaging.md3.BugleApplication$5
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/animation/ViewGroupItemVerticalExplodeAnimation.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.animation.ViewGroupItemVerticalExplodeAnimation
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.animation.ViewGroupItemVerticalExplodeAnimation$ViewExplodeAnimationJellyBeanMR2
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.animation.ViewGroupItemVerticalExplodeAnimation$ViewExplodeAnimationJellyBeanMR2$1
com/android/messaging/md3/Factory.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.Factory
androidx/appcompat/mms/DefaultApnSettingsLoader.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.DefaultApnSettingsLoader
 androidx.appcompat.mms.DefaultApnSettingsLoader$1
 androidx.appcompat.mms.DefaultApnSettingsLoader$BaseApn
 androidx.appcompat.mms.DefaultApnSettingsLoader$MemoryApn
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/EncodedImageResource.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.EncodedImageResource
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.EncodedImageResource$DecodeImageRequest
com/android/messaging/md3/util/ContactRecipientEntryUtils.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.ContactRecipientEntryUtils
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/attachmentchooser/AttachmentGridView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.attachmentchooser.AttachmentGridView
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.attachmentchooser.AttachmentGridView$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.attachmentchooser.AttachmentGridView$AttachmentGridHost
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.attachmentchooser.AttachmentGridView$SavedState
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.attachmentchooser.AttachmentGridView$SavedState$1
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/TestActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.TestActivity
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.TestActivity$FragmentEventListener
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/binding/BindableOnceData.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.binding.BindableOnceData
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/BugleActionBarActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.BugleActionBarActivity
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.BugleActionBarActivity$CustomActionMode
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/media/MediaCache.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.media.MediaCache
com/android/messaging/md3/util/BugleGservices.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.BugleGservices
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/FrequentContactsCursorBuilder.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.FrequentContactsCursorBuilder
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.FrequentContactsCursorBuilder$1
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/DatabaseUpgradeHelper.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.DatabaseUpgradeHelper
com/android/messaging/md3/datamodel/action/UpdateDestinationBlockedAction.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.UpdateDestinationBlockedAction
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.UpdateDestinationBlockedAction$1
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.UpdateDestinationBlockedAction$UpdateDestinationBlockedActionListener
 com.android.messaging.md3.datamodel.action.UpdateDestinationBlockedAction$UpdateDestinationBlockedActionMonitor
com/android/messaging/md3/util/LongSparseSet.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.util.LongSparseSet
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/appsettings/SettingsActivity.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.SettingsActivity
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.SettingsActivity$SettingsFragment
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.appsettings.SettingsActivity$SettingsFragment$SettingsListAdapter
com/android/messaging/md3/ui/ContactIconView.java
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.ContactIconView
 com.android.messaging.md3.ui.ContactIconView$1
androidx/appcompat/mms/CarrierConfigXmlParser.java
 androidx.appcompat.mms.CarrierConfigXmlParser
 androidx.appcompat.mms.CarrierConfigXmlParser$KeyValueProcessor
