com/android/ex/chips/SingleRecipientArrayAdapter.java
 com.android.ex.chips.SingleRecipientArrayAdapter
com/android/ex/chips/recipientchip/BaseRecipientChip.java
 com.android.ex.chips.recipientchip.BaseRecipientChip
com/android/ex/chips/DropdownChipLayouter.java
 com.android.ex.chips.DropdownChipLayouter
 com.android.ex.chips.DropdownChipLayouter$1
 com.android.ex.chips.DropdownChipLayouter$2
 com.android.ex.chips.DropdownChipLayouter$3
 com.android.ex.chips.DropdownChipLayouter$AdapterType
 com.android.ex.chips.DropdownChipLayouter$ChipDeleteListener
 com.android.ex.chips.DropdownChipLayouter$PermissionRequestDismissedListener
 com.android.ex.chips.DropdownChipLayouter$ViewHolder
com/android/ex/chips/recipientchip/DrawableRecipientChip.java
 com.android.ex.chips.recipientchip.DrawableRecipientChip
com/android/ex/chips/BuildConfig.java
 com.android.ex.chips.BuildConfig
com/android/ex/chips/AccountSpecifier.java
 com.android.ex.chips.AccountSpecifier
com/android/ex/chips/recipientchip/ReplacementDrawableSpan.java
 com.android.ex.chips.recipientchip.ReplacementDrawableSpan
com/android/ex/chips/DefaultPhotoManager.java
 com.android.ex.chips.DefaultPhotoManager
 com.android.ex.chips.DefaultPhotoManager$1
 com.android.ex.chips.DefaultPhotoManager$PhotoQuery
com/android/ex/chips/recipientchip/VisibleRecipientChip.java
 com.android.ex.chips.recipientchip.VisibleRecipientChip
com/android/ex/chips/recipientchip/SimpleRecipientChip.java
 com.android.ex.chips.recipientchip.SimpleRecipientChip
com/android/ex/chips/PhotoManager.java
 com.android.ex.chips.PhotoManager
 com.android.ex.chips.PhotoManager$PhotoManagerCallback
com/android/ex/chips/BaseRecipientAdapter.java
 com.android.ex.chips.BaseRecipientAdapter
 com.android.ex.chips.BaseRecipientAdapter$1
 com.android.ex.chips.BaseRecipientAdapter$DefaultFilter
 com.android.ex.chips.BaseRecipientAdapter$DefaultFilterResult
 com.android.ex.chips.BaseRecipientAdapter$DelayedMessageHandler
 com.android.ex.chips.BaseRecipientAdapter$DirectoryFilter
 com.android.ex.chips.BaseRecipientAdapter$DirectoryListQuery
 com.android.ex.chips.BaseRecipientAdapter$DirectorySearchParams
 com.android.ex.chips.BaseRecipientAdapter$EntriesUpdatedObserver
 com.android.ex.chips.BaseRecipientAdapter$TemporaryEntry
com/android/ex/chips/ChipsUtil.java
 com.android.ex.chips.ChipsUtil
 com.android.ex.chips.ChipsUtil$PermissionsCheckListener
com/android/ex/chips/Queries.java
 com.android.ex.chips.Queries
 com.android.ex.chips.Queries$1
 com.android.ex.chips.Queries$2
 com.android.ex.chips.Queries$Query
com/android/ex/chips/CircularImageView.java
 com.android.ex.chips.CircularImageView
com/android/ex/chips/recipientchip/InvisibleRecipientChip.java
 com.android.ex.chips.recipientchip.InvisibleRecipientChip
com/android/ex/chips/PhoneUtil.java
 com.android.ex.chips.PhoneUtil
com/android/ex/chips/RecipientEditTextView.java
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$1
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$10
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$11
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$12
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$2
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$3
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$4
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$5
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$6
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$7
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$8
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$8$1
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$9
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$ChipBitmapContainer
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$IndividualReplacementTask
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$IndividualReplacementTask$1
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$IndividualReplacementTask$1$1
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$MoreImageSpan
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$PermissionsRequestItemClickedListener
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$RecipientChipAddedListener
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$RecipientChipDeletedListener
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$RecipientChipShadow
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$RecipientEntryItemClickedListener
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$RecipientReplacementTask
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$RecipientReplacementTask$1
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$RecipientReplacementTask$2
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEditTextView$RecipientTextWatcher
com/android/ex/chips/RecipientAlternatesAdapter.java
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientAlternatesAdapter
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientAlternatesAdapter$OnCheckedItemChangedListener
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientAlternatesAdapter$RecipientMatchCallback
com/android/ex/chips/CopyDialog.java
 com.android.ex.chips.CopyDialog
com/android/ex/chips/RecipientEntry.java
 com.android.ex.chips.RecipientEntry
